For detailed information see [ChangeLog](https://wiki.vmssoftware.com/VMS_IDE_Change_Log)

## 1.5.60
* Allow using the agent for SSH connection.

## 1.5.59
* The 'skipSignatureVerification' SSH connection option is now respected.

## 1.5.58
* Update versions of dependencies.
* Missed READ stetement in BASIC syntax parser is added.
* SSH issues with VS Code version > 1.81 installed are fixed.
* Default 'algorithms' and 'kex' are removed form SSH configuration.
* The 'skipSignatureVerification' SSH connection option is no longer used.

## 1.5.57
* Make extension commands 'vmssoftware.synchronizer...' return string values.
* Use 'LINK' in autogenerated MMS (instead of CXXLINK)

## 1.5.56
* Improve 'prompt finder', the extension could hang when connecting to some hosts.

## 1.5.55
* Add addConnectConfig field to the host configuration. All the values of this field are 
  copied to the connection configuration as is.

## 1.5.54
* Improve uploading via ZIP. User can stop the action with "Stop action" command.

## 1.5.53
* Handle SystemExit exception in Python debugger.
* Terminate Python debug session on unexpected termination of the program.

## 1.5.52
* Add commands to synchronize, upload project with dependencies.

## 1.5.51
* The spaces in the mask were breaking the synchronization.
* Fix 'Prepare to debug' when there are no *.LIS, no *.MAP files in folder.
* Fix synchronization with some x86 hosts.

## 1.5.50
* Python debugger is fixed.
* SSH settings changes: 'skipSignatureVerification' is back

## 1.5.49
* SSH settings changes:
*    'skipSignatureVerification' is no longer used
*    'debug' is added for detailed tracing of SSH protocol

## 1.5.48
* SSH2 package is updated (1.5.0)

## 1.5.47
* Fix terminal requests.

## 1.5.46
* Some Fortran syntax highlighting are fixed.

## 1.5.45
* A separate terminal window opens for debugging the program.
* Catching unhandled signals in the Python debugger.
* Compatibility with a minimum VS Code version of 1.58.2.
* The STATIC keyword has been added to the FORTRAN syntax.

## 1.5.43
* Fixed showing value of dict with very long key if it is at the first position.

## 1.5.42
* Fix deleting local ZIP on uploading error.

## 1.5.41
* Correct readme file

## 1.5.40
* Prepare to debug downloads only from current build configuration output folder.
* The behavior of 'edit' download option has changed: diff edit window is opened only if the file exists on PC side. Otherwise, the file will be downloaded.

## 1.5.39
* Shortening path for task2cmd socket.

## 1.5.38
* Create read/write streams with 'binary' encoding.

## 1.5.37
* Run the project COM file before the program in the release (as in the debug) passing 'RELEASE' as a parameter.

## 1.5.36
* Uploading via ZIP uses random name for zip file and deletes it at the end.
* Spaces, dots and carets are allowed in project names and root folders.

## 1.5.35
* Python debugger: fix displaying collections when index > 9.

## 1.5.34
* Python debugger: fix displaying 'dict' object.

## 1.5.31
* Refine Python debugger output.

## 1.5.30
* Fix Python debugger (splitting long strings).

## 1.5.28
* Fix Python debugger (hangs on long file paths).

## 1.5.27
* Fix downloading system headers.

## 1.5.26
* Fix Python debugger (issue with displaying list of integers).

## 1.5.25
* VMS debugger issue with long C++ function names is fixed.

## 1.5.24
* Fix VMS debugger, Python debugger, default terminal command

## 1.5.20
* Add pre-launch python debugger command

## 1.5.19
* Add python command line options

## 1.5.18
* Fix python debugger (did not work on python 2.7)

## 1.5.17
* Fix messages

## 1.5.16
* Logo is changed

## 1.5.15
* Update messages
* Allow executing expression in Python debugger

## 1.5.14
* Fix Python debugger

## 1.5.11
* Preparing to debug as a separate procedure.
* Embedded SQL in FORTRAN

## 1.5.9
* Allow the user to set additional compiler qualifiers and defines
* New command for Python debugger to set radix

## 1.5.6
* Fix VMS debugger (resolving source files in different folders with the same basename).

## 1.5.5
* Fix Python debugger (display/set variables).

## 1.5.3
* Add developer mode for Python debugger. This feature allows tracing system files.

## 1.5.0
* Two-terminal debugger

## 1.4.12
* Fix BASIC RMSSTATUS syntax

## 1.4.11
* Fix Python debugger

## 1.4.9
* Added command to ZIP listing files on VMS side.
* Fix PASCAL syntax parser issues.

## 1.4.4
* Unzip command moved from Project settings to SSH settings
* Changed the way how the debugger finds source by module name.
* Absolute path is allowed in root (starts from /)

## 1.4.1
* Python debugger now supports entering data from debug console
* setTimeByShell settings is deleted from SynchronizeSection, supportSetFileTime is added to ConnectionSection

## 1.4.0
* Fix PASCAL syntax parser and highlighting issues.
* Add BASIC highlighting and syntax parser.
* Add experimental Pyhton debugger.
* Fix glob patterns (project settings masks).

## 1.3.6
* Fix PASCAL syntax parser issues.

## 1.3.5
* Fix PASCAL syntax parser issues.

## 1.3.4
* Handle more cases in COBOL Light-weight IntelliSense.
* Parse and skip EXEC SQL statements in COBOL.

## 1.3.3
* Fix time of uploaded files after 'Quick uploading'.

## 1.3.2
* Fix breakpoints.

## 1.3.1
* Light-weight IntelliSense for Fortran and Cobol.

## 1.2.6
* Fixed issue when extension is crashed while opening C project.
* Fixed duplicating algorithms in SSH settings.

## 1.2.3 - 1.2.5
* Function breakpoints. Data breakpoints without UI.

## 1.2.2
* Fix for display/set unicode string in **Java** debugger, collecting fields of java classes.

## 1.2.1
* Fix issues with templates in **Java**.

## 1.2.0
* Support for **Java**, **Kotlin** and **Scala** languages.
* One output channel for all extension messages.

## 1.1.0
* **Pascal** syntax highlighting.
* OpenVMS specific **COBOL** grammar support.

## 1.0.2
* Allow users to skip signature verification in SSH (cause: Visual Studio Code 1.36.1 issue).

## 1.0.1
* Fix: parsing compiler errors that occurred on the same line of source code.
* OpenVMS specific **Pascal** grammar basic support.
* Debugger: skip querying symbols with invalid names.

## 1.0.0
* Stable version

## 0.0.23
* New synchronization setting: **forceLocalTime**
* Grammars for **PASCAL**, **COBOL**, **FORTRAN**, **BLISS** and **BASIC** are included.
* New command is added: "Quick uploading"

## 0.0.22
* New project settings: **addLibraries** and **addIncludes**
* Allow customization of command to start the SSH terminal
* Named build configurations

## 0.0.21
* Small fixes

## 0.0.20
* Increase stability

## 0.0.18
* Fix unclosed connections.
* Fix uploading unsaved files.

## 0.0.17
* Initial release.